README.md, before:

# ArchipeloClient
Official repository for the ArchipeloClient! You may now use this code to create awesome Archipelo related content, including client mods, utility apps and more! Please read the 'Legal Information' section first.

<h3>Legal Information</h3>
The legal information has changed slightly. Basically, you can now use the code more freely! Here are some basic rules to follow:
  1. Only use the code to make programs that will not damage the game or its community.
  2. Do not use the code to make programs unrelated to Archipelo.
  3. Make the project open-source, like this code is!
We would also like to remind you that we have the right to shutdown any projects that we feel are going against the rules.

<br>

<h5>NOTICE: Not Accepting Pull Requests</h5>
<p>
At the time being, we are <strong>not accepting pull requests</strong>. You may clone and fork the repository and play around with the code (as long as you follow the rules in the 'Legal Information' section) as much as you want but we are not allowing contributions in the form of code unless it is from official team members. You may contribute by giving suggestions on edits for the code though. The reason for this is because we want to <strong>avoid legal issues</strong> in the future. Thanks for understanding!
</p>

Commit message:

Made legal information more loose.

README.md, after:

# ArchipeloClient
Official repository for the ArchipeloClient! You may now use this code for whatever you like.

<h3>Legal Information</h3>
<p>This code is available publically for the user of anybody. Please note that anything in the 'assets' directory is not opensource and is not open for use unless they are used for an Archipelo related project. Such projects could be a modded client or utility app. You are not allowed to use these assets for anything else. Thanks for your cooperation.</p>

<br>

<h5>NOTICE: Not Accepting Pull Requests</h5>
<p>
At the time being, we are <strong>not accepting pull requests</strong>. You may clone and fork the repository and play around with the code (as long as you follow the rules in the 'Legal Information' section) as much as you want but we are not allowing contributions in the form of code unless it is from official team members. You may contribute by giving suggestions on edits for the code though. The reason for this is because we want to <strong>avoid legal issues</strong> in the future. Thanks for understanding!
</p>
